README.md, before:

## 
v0.2.7 🚀🚗🚚🏃‍

- [Add getting camera video stream](./workflow/7-camera-workflow.json)
- Add a slider to the floating window, which can be used as input for denoise
- Add random seed control method to the floating window
- OSupport for calling multiple GPTs

![screenshare](./assets/screenshare.png)


### SpeechRecognition & SpeechSynthesis
![f](./assets/audio-workflow.svg)



### ScreenShareNode & FloatingVideoNode
> Now comfyui supports capturing screen pixel streams from any software and can be used for LCM-Lora integration. Let's get started with implementation and design! 💻🌐

> 

https://github.com/shadowcz007/comfyui-mixlab-nodes/assets/12645064/e7e77f90-e43e-410a-ab3a-1952b7b4e7da


<!-- [ScreenShareNode](./workflow/2-screeshare.json) -->
[ScreenShareNode & FloatingVideoNode](./workflow/3-FloatVideo-workflow.json)

!! Please use the address with HTTPS (https://127.0.0.1).


### LoadImagesFromLocal
> Monitor changes to images in a local folder, and trigger real-time execution of workflows, supporting common image formats, especially PSD format, in conjunction with Photoshop. 

![watch](./assets/4-loadfromlocal-watcher-workflow.svg)

[workflow-4](./workflow/4-loadfromlocal-watcher-workflow.json)


### GPT
> Support for calling multiple GPTs.ChatGPT、ChatGLM3 , Some code provided by rui. If you are using OpenAI's service, fill in https://api.openai.com/v1 . If you are using a local LLM service, fill in http://127.0.0.1:xxxx/v1 .  Azure OpenAI:https://xxxx.openai.azure.com 


![gpt-workflow.svg](./assets/gpt-workflow.svg)

[workflow-5](./workflow/5-gpt-workflow.json)


### Layers
> A new layer class node has been added, allowing you to separate the image into layers. After merging the images, you can input the controlnet for further processing.

![layers](./assets/layers-workflow.svg)

![poster](./assets/poster-workflow.svg)

## Other Nodes

![main](./assets/all-workflow.svg)
![main2](./assets/detect-face-all.png)

[workflow-1](./workflow/1-workflow.json)

> randomPrompt

![randomPrompt](./assets/randomPrompt.png)

> TransparentImage

![TransparentImage](./assets/TransparentImage.png)


> Consistency Decoder

[openai Consistency Decoder]( https://github.com/openai/consistencydecoder)

![Consistency](./assets/consistency.png)
After downloading the OpenAI VAE model, place it in the "model/vae" directory for use.
https://openaipublic.azureedge.net/diff-vae/c9cebd3132dd9c42936d803e33424145a748843c8f716c0814838bdc8a2fe7cb/decoder.pt


> FeatheredMask、SmoothMask

Add edges to an image.

![FeatheredMask](./assets/FlVou_Y6kaGWYoEj1Tn0aTd4AjMI.jpg)



### Improvement 
An improvement has been made to directly redirect to GitHub to search for missing nodes when loading the graph.

![node-not-found](./assets/node-not-found.png)


### Models
[Download CLIPSeg](https://huggingface.co/CIDAS/clipseg-rd64-refined/tree/main), move to : model/clipseg

<!-- ### Workflow
[Workflow](./workflow.md) -->



## Installation

manually install, simply clone the repo into the custom_nodes directory with this command:

```
cd ComfyUI/custom_nodes

git clone https://github.com/shadowcz007/comfyui-mixlab-nodes.git

```

Install the requirements:

run directly:
```
cd ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui-mixlab-nodes
install.bat
```

or install the requirements using:
```
../../../python_embeded/python.exe -s -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If you are using a venv, make sure you have it activated before installation and use:
```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Chinese community
访问 [www.mixcomfy.com](https://www.mixcomfy.com)，获得更多内测功能，关注微信公众号：Mixlab无界社区



#### Thanks:
[ComfyUI-CLIPSeg](https://github.com/biegert/ComfyUI-CLIPSeg/tree/main)

#### discussions:
[discussions](https://github.com/shadowcz007/comfyui-mixlab-nodes/discussions)

### TODO:
- 音频播放节点：带可视化、支持多音轨、可配置音轨音量
- vector https://github.com/GeorgLegato/stable-diffusion-webui-vectorstudio

Commit message:

0.3.0
v0.3.0 🚀🚗🚚🏃‍

- Added support for setting proxies: HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY, http_proxy, https_proxy ✅

- Added a new Speech feature node, enabling the use of a voice assistant: SpeechRecognition & SpeechSynthesis 🎙️

- Added TextImage node, allowing conversion of text into image format 📷

- Added SvgImage node, enabling layout parsing and poster generation in conjunction with the Layer class node 🖼️

- Added an experimental 3DImage node for loading 3D models 🌟

README.md, after:

## 
v0.3.0 🚀🚗🚚🏃‍

- Added support for setting proxies: HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY, http_proxy, https_proxy ✅

- Added a new Speech feature node, enabling the use of a voice assistant: SpeechRecognition & SpeechSynthesis 🎙️

- Added TextImage node, allowing conversion of text into image format 📷

- Added SvgImage node, enabling layout parsing and poster generation in conjunction with the Layer class node 🖼️

- Added an experimental 3DImage node for loading 3D models 🌟


![screenshare](./assets/screenshare.png)


### SpeechRecognition & SpeechSynthesis
![f](./assets/audio-workflow.svg)



### ScreenShareNode & FloatingVideoNode
> Now comfyui supports capturing screen pixel streams from any software and can be used for LCM-Lora integration. Let's get started with implementation and design! 💻🌐

> 

https://github.com/shadowcz007/comfyui-mixlab-nodes/assets/12645064/e7e77f90-e43e-410a-ab3a-1952b7b4e7da


<!-- [ScreenShareNode](./workflow/2-screeshare.json) -->
[ScreenShareNode & FloatingVideoNode](./workflow/3-FloatVideo-workflow.json)

!! Please use the address with HTTPS (https://127.0.0.1).


### LoadImagesFromLocal
> Monitor changes to images in a local folder, and trigger real-time execution of workflows, supporting common image formats, especially PSD format, in conjunction with Photoshop. 

![watch](./assets/4-loadfromlocal-watcher-workflow.svg)

[workflow-4](./workflow/4-loadfromlocal-watcher-workflow.json)


### GPT
> Support for calling multiple GPTs.ChatGPT、ChatGLM3 , Some code provided by rui. If you are using OpenAI's service, fill in https://api.openai.com/v1 . If you are using a local LLM service, fill in http://127.0.0.1:xxxx/v1 .  Azure OpenAI:https://xxxx.openai.azure.com 


![gpt-workflow.svg](./assets/gpt-workflow.svg)

[workflow-5](./workflow/5-gpt-workflow.json)


### Layers
> A new layer class node has been added, allowing you to separate the image into layers. After merging the images, you can input the controlnet for further processing.

![layers](./assets/layers-workflow.svg)

![poster](./assets/poster-workflow.svg)

## Other Nodes

![main](./assets/all-workflow.svg)
![main2](./assets/detect-face-all.png)

[workflow-1](./workflow/1-workflow.json)

> randomPrompt

![randomPrompt](./assets/randomPrompt.png)

> TransparentImage

![TransparentImage](./assets/TransparentImage.png)


> Consistency Decoder

[openai Consistency Decoder]( https://github.com/openai/consistencydecoder)

![Consistency](./assets/consistency.png)
After downloading the OpenAI VAE model, place it in the "model/vae" directory for use.
https://openaipublic.azureedge.net/diff-vae/c9cebd3132dd9c42936d803e33424145a748843c8f716c0814838bdc8a2fe7cb/decoder.pt


> FeatheredMask、SmoothMask

Add edges to an image.

![FeatheredMask](./assets/FlVou_Y6kaGWYoEj1Tn0aTd4AjMI.jpg)



### Improvement 
An improvement has been made to directly redirect to GitHub to search for missing nodes when loading the graph.

![node-not-found](./assets/node-not-found.png)


### Models
[Download CLIPSeg](https://huggingface.co/CIDAS/clipseg-rd64-refined/tree/main), move to : model/clipseg

<!-- ### Workflow
[Workflow](./workflow.md) -->



## Installation

manually install, simply clone the repo into the custom_nodes directory with this command:

```
cd ComfyUI/custom_nodes

git clone https://github.com/shadowcz007/comfyui-mixlab-nodes.git

```

Install the requirements:

run directly:
```
cd ComfyUI/custom_nodes/comfyui-mixlab-nodes
install.bat
```

or install the requirements using:
```
../../../python_embeded/python.exe -s -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If you are using a venv, make sure you have it activated before installation and use:
```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Chinese community
访问 [www.mixcomfy.com](https://www.mixcomfy.com)，获得更多内测功能，关注微信公众号：Mixlab无界社区



#### Thanks:
[ComfyUI-CLIPSeg](https://github.com/biegert/ComfyUI-CLIPSeg/tree/main)

#### discussions:
[discussions](https://github.com/shadowcz007/comfyui-mixlab-nodes/discussions)

### TODO:
- 音频播放节点：带可视化、支持多音轨、可配置音轨音量
- vector https://github.com/GeorgLegato/stable-diffusion-webui-vectorstudio
